His wound is deep, but he doesn't seem to be in any critical danger at the moment.
But we would like to keep him for some further observations.
Thank you.
Mm-hmm.
Um...
Get some rest, okay?
Don't go.
Doc, do you think he can give us a minute?
Turn my...
Doesn't...
Touch me.
I have a man waiting for me outside.
Daniel?
Yeah?
Yeah, I heard you call him brother.
Okay, so what?
I still have a fiance.
Remember?
Henry?
Yes.
Yeah.
Henry doesn't match up to me.
And, you know, you can give it your best performance?
I know you're not interested in him.
Not one bit.
You're lying.
I miss you, Hermione.
Mr. Evans, what are you trying to pull here?
Yeah, sure.
You got stabbed for me.
But hey, I saved your company.
So...
We're even.
Between us, we'll never be even.
You almost got him killed.
How dare you come here?
I almost got him killed?
Sure.
He saved me.
That must be so for real.
This all started with Lucy.
How can you back a liar like her?
I don't...
I don't get it.
Lucy's made mistakes.
But she's the daughter-in-law.
I've chosen.
Good for you.
I never wanted to be your daughter-in-law anyway.
You know, I'm curious too, mother.
Why do you continue to defend Lucy, who's a faker and a habitual liar?
Why did you choose her to be my wife?
Hermione and Chris are getting suspicious.
What if they dig even deeper and come to the truth about everything?
Don't worry.
If your son finds out, he will cover for you.
No, no, no, no.
They cannot find out.
We have to make sure they don't even go near it.
Think about it, Mrs. Evans.
The only reason why Hermione is still poking at Chris is because she hasn't given up on
him.
Push the wedding forward.
When Chris is married to me, Hermione will have no choice but to back off.